Adding docs for Choreo Connect Analytics (#3824)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/concepts/choreo-connect-analytics.md

WSO2 Choreo Connect has the capability to publish events to the Choreo platform in order to generate analytics. This page describes the concepts behind publishing analytics events from choreo connect.

### Overview
WSO2 Choreo Connect supports publishing Analytics as Real-Time events to the Anaytics server (Choreo portal) via [Azure event hub](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/event-hubs/). 

### Architecture

Following diagram shows the process flow of a success request in Choreo Connect with Analytics enabled.

[![]({{base_path}}/assets/img/deploy/mgw/analytics-architecture.png)]({{base_path}}/assets/img/deploy/mgw/analytics-architecture.png)

There are two main components related to internal gRPC requests for sending `StreamAccessLogsMessage` from `router` to `enforcer` and which is used to collect analytics data.

1. gRPC Access Logger
2. gRPC Event Listener

#### gRPC Access Logger

gRPC Access Logger in the router will be activated only if we enable analytics and which is triggered after the backend response came back to the `router` (after step 5 in above diagram). 

> This will send `StreamAccessLogsMessage` to the `enforcer` with `dynamic_metadata` for collecting Analytics data at the `enforcer`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will send `StreamAccessLogsMessage` to the `enforcer` with  several access log entries corresponding to each request, for collecting Analytics data at the `enforcer`.
```

Author: Fixed with https://github.com/wso2/docs-apim/pull/3824/commits/65e640c0328372d499b3747510cb8d7ef954ff4e

#### gRPC Event Listener

gRPC Event Listener in the `enforcer` will be activated only if we enable analytics and it is listening for gRPC Access Logger.
This will process the `StreamAccessLogsMessage` and publish analytics using the `ChoreoAnalyticsPublisher` client.

!!! note

>     In case of a request failure (i.e. authentication failure at `enforcer`) it will publish the events after the failure at `enforcer` (after step 2) and the `StreamAccessLogsMessage` will be ignored in such a case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In case of a request failure at the enforcer level (i.e. authentication failure at `enforcer`) it will publish the events after the failure at `enforcer` (after step 2) and the `HTTPAccessLogEntry` corresponding to that specific request will be ignored as it is already published.
```

Author: Fixed with https://github.com/wso2/docs-apim/pull/3824/commits/65e640c0328372d499b3747510cb8d7ef954ff4e
